<p>
          I'll tell you my story. I'm an immigrant. We came like any other
          traveler in search of achieving our dream of freedom and quality of
          life. When I arrived in this country, I started working in a company
          because of the need to earn an income and because of all kinds of
          problems in my hometown. As the place, I was mistreated at work and
          persecuted by an influential person, supposedly to help me. As a
          result of that situation, I got sick. I was on bed rest for almost
          two months. I had flu symptoms, cough, nasal congestion, and chest
          pains that did not improve. The pain continued without any
          improvement. Even when I breathed, my chest hurt. Thank God I was
          able to recover relatively well, because now when I cough or sneeze,
          I have chest pains.I was also scammed with a Honda vehicle, I think
          by the same people who persecuted me, chased me, causing me to lose
          money and endangering my personal safety, since the vehicle had
          serious mechanical faults. I was advised by a mechanical engineer
          who works for the Honda company, but it was all a fraud.
          </p>
          <p>
          My idea with this project is to convey the need to be insured when
          traveling to any country other than where you live, so that you can
          safeguard first of all the health of yourself and your family,
          secondly your financial assets, and finally the peace of mind of
          knowing that you have financial support at the time that any risk
          may materialize, according to statistical science and probabilities.
          </p>
          <p>
          We use technology to provide a good service and to get ahead, to
          progress in this country. The problem happened to me in a company
          related to technology. Some people are trying to sabotage my
          projects and studies, spy my cumputer and cellphone personal,
          hindering my progress and not allowing me to achieve my goals. I
          think it is a racist position to not allow poor, humble,
          hard-working and honest people to get involved in these study
          topics.
          </p>
          <p>
          We are insurance brokers We offer travel insurance plans of
          different modalities allied to international travel and satisfaction
          insurance companies, for your comfort and security.